---
layout: post
title: 20190903 – Day 3
---

---
***Upkeep protocol and daily measurements located in HI_Corals directory in Google Drive: [HI_Corals](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1Dxil5Lj1ynvuIuGDWx9_AyqkdplIcCZQ)***

---

- No new water in tanks since Friday but for the most part the corals looks pretty good  
- One full mortality in MCAP tank 14. (Plug #2525).  
- P acuta tank 11 looks the best with most of the fragments alive/stopped the creeping death/bleaching  
    - All the polyps are visible in this tank as well from each of the fragments  
- Today took all the measurements before doing a water change  
- Water line flushed for 12.5 gallons out of the line before starting the water change (it had been a couple of days so decided to do a larger flush than normal) and then 5 Gallons removed from each tank and replaced with input valves.  
    - Still on closed/stagnant conditions since bleach crate hasn’t come in.     
- Refilled the tanks, and removed the dead coral frag (which I placed in a 10% bleach solution). Once the tanks were filled to the point of flowing out again, I shut them off. 
    
**Tank 14**
- Small dead spots on plugs 2012 and 2070  
- Full death on plug# 2525

**Tank 13**
- Partial/Small dead spots on plugs 1759 and 1756.  
- These corals’ polyps for MCAP much more obvious and out than tank 14. 

**Tank 12**  
- Large dead/bleached spot on plugs 1695, 1353, 1082 2893, 1275, and 1709  
    - Despite the large dead/bleached portions you can clearly see the polyps out and feeding.
    
**Tank 11**  
- Large dead spots on plugs 1051, 1260, 1083, 2184, and 1411  
- Same with Tank 12 – despite the large dead/bleached spots, you can clearly see the polyps on every fragment out and feeding  
    - Plug 1411 may be fully dead.


