---
layout: post
title: 20190920 – Day 10
---

---
***Upkeep protocol and daily measurements located in HI_Corals directory in Google Drive: [HI_Corals](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1Dxil5Lj1ynvuIuGDWx9_AyqkdplIcCZQ)***

---

- Added Sodium Thiosulfate treatment (310mL) to the 110 gallon reservoir before starting the tank cleaning.  
- Upon first glance, all tanks look good except tank 13 looks very cloudy. Also some of the corals have progressing dead spots (may be disease – the progression has started from the bottom and has been expanding).  
    - Clear white line that definitely grew/climbed upward on one fragment 1 (plug 1679)  
    - Montipora White Syndrome?  
- Decided to quarantine and cut off the affected areas of the corals. Made sure to cut off dead parts with good margins and transferred to Tank 4  
- Transfer plugs  
    - Plug 1779 became Plug No Number  
    - Plug 1679 became 2564  
    - Plug 1264 became two new plugs (very large fragment so decided to break it into two different plugs)  
        - New plugs 2303 and 1606  
    - Plug 2014 became 1329  
- All tank 13 corals put onto new rack (makeshift rack using a new grate and a lid top).  
- All fragments to the left of the spat plugs in the new “Tank 13” rack were the newly cut/affected frags while the ones to the right were the unaffected bunch.  
- All the other tanks got 5 gallon water changes  
- Tank 13 needs to be drained since it is potentially contaminated but reservoir is full currently so I couldn’t  
- No measurements were taken today – Temp probe and PAR sensor down.

